deepsearch: add evaluator docs (#1826)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/deep-search/index.mdx

- **Repositories** — scope the search to specific repos
- **Files** — point the agent to particular files

> ## Exhaustive analysis with evaluator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Exhaustive analysis
```

maybe? I feel like you don't need to know, otherwise maybe people get confused that you explicitly need to ask for it?

Deep Search can cross-reference and aggregate large result sets for codebase-wide inventories, audits, migration planning, and other structured investigations.

- **Inventories and audits** — trace how a shared service is consumed across repositories, inventory dependencies, or identify repositories using a vulnerable package version.
- **Migration planning** — produce a CSV or JSON checklist of services that still use an old package, API, or configuration and have not adopted its replacement.
- **Cross-referencing** — compare multiple searches, such as files that match one implementation pattern but not another.
- **Aggregation and reporting** — group findings by repository, language, team, or dependency and calculate totals.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

For larger outputs, Deep Search can create downloadable CSV, JSON, and SVG files while summarizing the key findings in its answer. It can also read generated CSV and JSON files in follow-up investigations to filter, join, or enrich previously collected results without repeating the original searches.

### Security and guardrails

> Evaluator runs scripts generated by Deep Search; it does not execute code from your repositories. The sandbox applies the following controls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deep Search runs small Lua scripts for analysis, it does not execute code from your repositories. The sandbox applies the following controls:
```

> - It has no direct network, system, or general filesystem access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It has no network, system, or general filesystem access.
```

- Scripts can only use modules provided by Sourcegraph for search, source file reads, formatting, and generated file outputs.

> - Search and source file operations are read-only and use Sourcegraph's existing APIs and repository permissions. Searches also use the search context selected for the conversation. Evaluator cannot modify repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search and source file operations are read-only and use Sourcegraph's existing APIs and repository permissions. Searches also use the search context selected for the conversation. Deep Search cannot modify repositories.
```

> - The generated file module can only write bounded output files managed by Sourcegraph. It does not provide access to the Sourcegraph host filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Artifacts generated by scripts are stored in object storage.
```

- **Repositories** — scope the search to specific repos
- **Files** — point the agent to particular files

## Using Evaluator

> Evaluator lets Deep Search write and run Lua scripts over Sourcegraph search results. Deep Search decides when to use Evaluator and writes the script automatically; you do not need to write or run code yourself.

Reviewer 2: Should this just be "using Deep Search"? Plus I don't think we need capital-E evaluator

Reviewer 3: Yep, I think we're separating evaluator here too much.

Also in general, these docs seem a bit too heavy to me - let's focus on the end user's perspective and not expose internal details IMO.

Author: I added some internal details because there were a couple asks in slack ([1](https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C022SPMNR0W/p1782323177988189?thread_ts=1782321523.935049&cid=C022SPMNR0W), [2](https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C08SNU0M815/p1784655847162719)) around how it works, and it's use cases. 

I trimmed down some of it, but I think it's worth having as customers and even our own internal team don't really know how it works. WDYT?

Reviewer 3: Yeah the way it's done now looks great - a security section is what these folks were looking for IMO.
